what's up guys just gonna show you how
to do the glitch I'm not friendly fire
right now I'm already got the cops on my
trail until the so basically what I'm
gonna do is equip the tiger skin onto a
desert eagle so I don't like to play
mess yeah let's let's go the bloody mess
let's apply that to the desert eagle the
gold desert you'll now what I'm not sure
about is if it will just apply it to the
skin that you have like you're hovering
over like it'd be pretty cool having a
bloody golden Desert Eagle but I don't
think I can so let's just go tiger
oh no I just gotta get knocked down the
menu can be by your friend could be by
cop Oh buzz you're in solo it has to be
like copper alien freak if your clunky
civilian will punch in the face and if
your friends gonna be doing it just get
them to punch you knock hey like him to
knock you out of the store or menu it'll
work that way and after that save
because if you don't it'll screw you
over and you won't have the gun
I've saved exited a plate co-op with my
tommy gun so it works and you can keep
it uh I found another way but I think
it's as as you progress in the game then
you know can't do it okay I think I just
did yeah I have Tiger does beagles I
think let me just save this
Wow 33 percent of the game already mmm
get it saved
all right so I have the desert eagles
and it has the red dot sight it has the
camo it worked so yeah that's how you do
it as you can see there it is
there's your tiger camo pistol red dot
sight my shotgun isn't working still for
some reason I guess it doesn't work with
shotguns or rifles but I'll figure that
out and I'll post a new video soon so
peace